Always unsubscribe from order events in SetupOrderStream (#552)
0xProject/0x-mesh: CHANGELOG.md

This changelog is a work in progress and may contain notes for versions which have not actually been released. Check the [Releases](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/releases) page to see full release notes and more information about the latest released versions.

## v6.1.1-beta

### Bug fixes 🐞

> - Fixed a bug where the internal order event feed could be come blocked, rendering Mesh unable to receive any new orders or update existing ones ([#552](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/pull/552)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the internal order event feed could become blocked, rendering Mesh unable to receive any new orders or update existing ones ([#552](https://github.com/0xProject/0x-mesh/pull/552)).
```
